Updated source installation doc (#3389)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/dev_guide/testing.rst

Running tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before running tests, ensure that pytest and its plugins are installed. Using ``pip``, this can be done by running either one of the following command:

.. code:: bash

   # If using a standard hyperspy install
   $ pip install hyperspy[tests]

   # From a hyperspy local development directory
   $ pip install -e .[tests]

Using conda, tests dependencies can be manually installed. At the time of writing (june 2024), this can be done through the following command:

.. code:: bash

   # Installing tests dependencies using conda

>    $ conda install -c conda-forge pytest-instafail pytest-mpl pytest-rerunfailures pytest-xdist pytest>=3.6 setuptools_scm

Reviewer: Actually, this also needs `git` and also needs to be added to the `conda_environment_dev.yml` file, because git is needed to retrieve the dev version.

Author: sure

>    $ conda install -c conda-forge pytest-instafail pytest-mpl pytest-rerunfailures pytest-xdist pytest>=3.6 setuptools_scm

Reviewer 2: Doesn't it make sense to install using the `conda_environement_dev.yml` to independent of a list that needs to be updated?

If you don't use ``--mpl``, the test functions will be executed, but the
images will not be compared to the reference images.

Both locally and on Azure Pipelines, plot tests should be run against specific 

> versions ofmatplotlib and freetype, defined in `conda_environment_dev.yml 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions of matplotlib and freetype, defined in `conda_environment_dev.yml 
```

> versions ofmatplotlib and freetype, defined in `conda_environment_dev.yml 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
versions of matplotlib and freetype, defined in `conda_environment_dev.yml 
```

<https://github.com/hyperspy/hyperspy/blob/RELEASE_next_minor/conda_environment_dev.yml>`__.

> Small changes different versions of matplotlib/freetype generate figures can 
> make tests fail. During hyperspy source installation, this also restricts the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Small changes between different versions of matplotlib/freetype, which generate
the figures, can result in failing tests. During installation of the hyperspy source
including all development dependencies (``hyperspy-dev``), this also restricts the 
```

3. Run again the tests and this time they should pass.
4. Use ``git add`` to put the new file in the git repository.

.. note::
  
  To generate baseline images, the matplotlib version defined in
  `conda_environment_dev.yml <https://github.com/hyperspy/hyperspy/blob/RELEASE_next_minor/conda_environment_dev.yml>`__
  is required.

When the plot tests fail, it is useful to inspect the figure comparing 
images generated by ``pytest-mpl``. Locally, they are stored in a 
temporary folder indicated in the failure message. On Azure pipelines, 

> they are stored in the the artifacts tabs of the corresponding build:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they are stored in the the artifacts tab of the corresponding build:
```

3. Run again the tests and this time they should pass.
4. Use ``git add`` to put the new file in the git repository.

.. note::
  
  To generate baseline images, the matplotlib version defined in
  `conda_environment_dev.yml <https://github.com/hyperspy/hyperspy/blob/RELEASE_next_minor/conda_environment_dev.yml>`__
  is required.

When the plot tests fail, it is useful to inspect the figure comparing 
images generated by ``pytest-mpl``. Locally, they are stored in a 
temporary folder indicated in the failure message. On Azure pipelines, 

> they are stored in the the artifacts tab of the corresponding build:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they are stored in the artifacts tab of the corresponding build:
```
